Add new field ActionValue to types. NsxtFirewallRule to support REJECT action (#661)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: .changes/v2.24.0/661-improvements.md

> * `types.NsxtFirewallRule` adds field `ActionValue` instead of `Action` that is deprecated VCD API. It allows users to use `REJECT` option [GH-661]

Reviewer: To match past changelog entries:
```suggestion
* Added field `ActionValue` to `types.NsxtFirewallRule` instead of `Action` that is deprecated in VCD API. It allows users to use `REJECT` option [GH-661]
```

Author: Fixed.
